<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_mft_btn_cz">
    <title>How we're getting to Chicago</title>
    <shortdesc>Put on your seatbelts because this is going to be a wild ride.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>We're driving from Blacksburg to the Norfolk airport, flying to Atlanta, then
            connecting to Chicago, and then catching an Uber to 1049 Ashland Avenue. Estimated total
            travel time: 13 hours.</context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Leave Blacksburg at 11am on Friday, March 3, 2017, to have enough time for the
                    actual drive (5 hrs) and expected spring break traffic from JMU, UVa, and other
                    local colleges.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Arrive at Virginia Beach around 5pm.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Drop Carlisle off at her house in Virginia Beach.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to my house in Virginia Beach and unpack the car.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Move the things needed for Chicago to my mom's car.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>My mom will leave the house to drive us to the Norfolk airport at 5:45pm.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Go to the Delta terminal, check in, and get our boarding passes.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Get on the plane around 7pm and fly to Atlanta (DL 1378).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>At Atlanta, walk to another terminal to catch flight DL 1812 to Chicago.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>At the Chicago airport, download the Uber app on your smartphone. Follow the
                    directions within the app to link it to your credit card, and then to schedule a
                    ride from the airport.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
