<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_ubw_nrn_cz">
    <title>Sleeping Arrangements</title>
    <shortdesc>You will need to sleep for three nights in Chicago. This is how it will
        go.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>This topic talks about the sleeping arrangements for you in Amanda's apartment. It
                might not be the most comfortable if you like very soft beds, but you'll be
                exhausted from the semester and won't notice. Keep in mind that you're sleeping in
                the common area of the apartment so wait until people make their way to their beds
                and don't force anyone out of the area when you want to sleep. Also, try and wake up
                before other people or at least around the same time other people are waking up so
                you don't inconvenience them in any way.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Brush your teeth and change into your pajamas.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Linger around the living room area until people go off to sleep and you can get
                    ready for bed.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Take the back cushion from the chair and flip it horizontally so that you're
                    sleeping on the side that sits directly on the chair.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Put this pillow on the side of the couch closest to the kitchen so that you
                    face the laundry room. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Place your pillowcase on top of the pillow.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Plug your phone in behind the couch and rest it on the edge of the couch.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Use the very soft blanket Amanda gave you to use. </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
