<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_sqp_p5n_cz">
    <title>How to have fun in Chicago</title>
    <shortdesc>If you're not a raging alcoholic, this guide is for you.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Chicago is a really fun place with really cool architecture and fun things to see.
                Below is a list of things to do in the Windy City.</p>
        </context>
        <steps-unordered>
            <step>
                <cmd>Brunch at Publican Anker. Found on the corner of N Milwaukee and N Damen
                    avenues, this "industrial-chic gastropub" offers the best brunch of my life.
                    Cost: about $20, including coffee and tip</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Deep-dish pizza at Giordano's. Deep-dish pizza is delicious and includes an
                    inch of cheese with only a little bit of sauce on top. Get the spinach so you
                    feel healthy, but still eat half of the 8-inch. Cost: $26</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Skydeck at Willis Tower. Going up 103 levels allows for really awesome views.
                    Taking selfies anywhere other than the boxed overlook is pointless because of
                    the brightness of the window, so don't bother. Cost: $23</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>The Art Institute of Chicago. Like really old Impressionist, Romantic, and
                    Renaissance art, with a smattering of Asian art? Enjoy casually strolling out of
                    the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City? Then this is the museum for
                    you. Cost: $23 + coat check.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Cloud Gate. Otherwise known as the bean, this is a great place to get a
                    stranger to take a picture for you to post on Instagram later to let all your
                    friends know you're in Chicago. Cost: Free</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Emporium Barcade. Part bar (serving mostly craft beer) and part arcade (with
                    classic games such as Pac-Man and Pinball), beware of creepy 40-year-old men who
                    tell you you look out of place in a bar of other 20-somethings. Make sure you
                    bring cash for the token machine. Cost: No cover, but you do have to buy your
                    own beer. Don't forget to leave a tip. </cmd>
            </step>
        </steps-unordered>
    </taskbody>
</task>
